.TH ONE-BUILD "1" "June 2021" "one-build version 1.16.1" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
one-build \- run ONE drivers
.SH DESCRIPTION
usage: one\-build [\-h] [\-v] [\-C CONFIG]
.PP
\fBone\-build\fR is a command line tool that runs ONE drivers in customized order.
.SS "Configuration file:"
\fBone\-build\fR takes input as a configuration file that supports ini format.
A configuration file consists of sections, each led by a [section] header.
Each section is the ONE driver you want to run, and consists of commands in a key/value combination to pass to the driver.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
show this help message and exit
.TP
\fB\-v\fR, \fB\-\-version\fR
show program's version number and exit
.TP
\fB\-C\fR CONFIG, \fB\-\-config\fR CONFIG
run with configuation file
.SH EXAMPLES
Before you run \fBone\-build\fR, you must write a configuration file.
.PP
$ cat one-build.template.cfg
.PP
[one-build]
.br
one-import-tf=True
.br
one-import-tflite=False
.br
one-import-bcq=False
.br
one-import-onnx=False
.br
one-optimize=True
.br
one-quantize=False
.br
one-pack=True
.br
one-codegen=False
.PP
[one-import-tf]
.br
input_path=/path/to/inception_v3.pb
.br
output_path=inception_v3.circle
.br
input_arrays=input
.br
input_shapes=1,299,299,3
.br
output_arrays=InceptionV3/Predictions/Reshape_1
.br
converter_version=v1
.br
model_format=graph_def
.PP
[one-optimize]
.br
input_path=inception_v3.circle
.br
output_path=inception_v3.opt.circle
.br
generate_profile_data=False
.PP
[one-pack]
.br
input_path=inception_v3.opt.circle
.br
output_path=inception_v3_pack
.PP
\fBone\-build\fR section decides whether to use each driver or not.
If the value is False, even if the corresponding section exists, the driver won't be executed.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2020\-2021 Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0
https://github.com/Samsung/ONE
.SH "SEE ALSO"
The full documentation for
.B one-build
is maintained as a Texinfo manual.  If the
.B info
and
.B one-build
programs are properly installed at your site, the command
.IP
.B info one-build
.PP
should give you access to the complete manual.

