.\" Manpage for onecc.
.\" Contact nnfw@samsung.com to correct errors or typos.
.TH ONECC "1" "August 2021" "onecc version 1.16.1" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
onecc \- run ONE driver via several commands or configuration file
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBonecc\fR [\-h] [\-v] [\-C CONFIG] [COMMAND <args>]
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBonecc\fR is a command line tool to execute ONE driver via several commands or configuration file.
.SS "Configuration file:"
\fBonecc\fR takes input as a configuration file that supports ini format.
A configuration file consists of sections, each led by a [section] header.
Each section is the ONE driver you want to run, and consists of commands in a key/value combination to pass to the driver.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
show this help message and exit
.TP
\fB\-v\fR, \fB\-\-version\fR
show program's version number and exit
.TP
\fB\-V\fR, \fB\-\-verbose\fR
output additional information to stdout or stderr
.TP
\fB\-C\fR CONFIG, \fB\-\-config\fR CONFIG
run with configuation file
.SS compile to circle model
.TP
\fBimport\fR
Convert given model to circle. See one\-import(1) for details.
.TP
\fBoptimize\fR
Optimize circle model. See one-optimize(1) for details.
.TP
\fBquantize\fR
Quantize circle model. See one-quantize(1) for details.
.SS package circle model
.TP
\fBpack\fR
Package circle and metadata into nnpackage. See one-pack(1) for details.
.SS run backend tools
.TP
\fBcodegen\fR
Code generation tool. See one-codegen(1) for details.
.SH EXAMPLES
.SS Use command line interface
.TP
\fBonecc import tf --v1 -i\fR \fIinput_path\fR \fB-o\fR \fIoutput_path\fR \fB-I\fR \fIinput_arrays\fR \fB-s\fR \fIinput_shapes\fR \fB-O\fR \fIoutput_arrays\fR
import tf model
.TP
\fBonecc import tflite -i\fR \fIinput_path\fR \fB-o\fR \fIoutput_path\fR
import tflite model
.TP
\fBonecc import onnx -i\fR \fIinput_path\fR \fB-o\fR \fIoutput_path\fR
import onnx model
.TP
\fBonecc optimize -i\fR \fIinput_path\fR \fB-o\fR \fIoutput_path\fR \fIoptimize_arguments\fR
optimize circle model
.TP
\fBonecc quantize -i\fR \fIinput_path\fR \fB-o\fR \fIoutput_path\fR \fB-d\fR \fIinput_data\fR
quantize circle model
.TP
\fBonecc pack -i\fR \fIinput_path\fR \fB-o\fR \fIoutput_path\fR
package circle and metadata into nnpackage
.TP
\fBonecc codegen -b\fR \fIbackend\fR \fB--\fR \fIbackends_arguments\fR
generate backend code
.PP
.SS Use configuration file
.PP
The configuration file should be written in the following format:
.IP
[onecc]
.br
one-import-tf=True
.br
one-import-tflite=False
.br
one-import-bcq=False
.br
one-import-onnx=False
.br
one-optimize=True
.br
one-quantize=True
.br
one-pack=True
.br
one-codegen=True
.IP
[one-import-tf]
.br
input_path=/path/to/inception_v3.pb
.br
output_path=inception_v3.circle
.br
input_arrays=input
.br
input_shapes=1,299,299,3
.br
output_arrays=InceptionV3/Predictions/Reshape_1
.br
converter_version=v1
.br
model_format=graph_def
.IP
[one-optimize]
.br
input_path=inception_v3.circle
.br
output_path=inception_v3.opt.circle
.br
generate_profile_data=False
.IP
[one-quantize]
.br
input_path=inception_v3.opt.circle
.br
output_path=inception_v3.quantized.circle
.br
input_data=inception_v3_test_data.h5
.IP
[one-pack]
.br
input_path=inception_v3.quantized.circle
.br
output_path=inception_v3_pack
.IP
[one-codegen]
.br
backend=dummy
.br
command=-o sample.out inception_v3.quantized.circle
.TP
\fBonecc -C\fR \fIconfiguration file\fR
Run ONE driver according to configuration section parameter
.PP
\fBonecc\fR section decides whether to use each driver or not.
If the value is False, even if the corresponding section exists, the driver won't be executed.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2020\-2021 Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0
https://github.com/Samsung/ONE
.SH "SEE ALSO"
The full documentation for
.B onecc
is maintained as a Texinfo manual. If the
.B info
and
.B onecc
programs are properly installed at your site, the command
.IP
.B info onecc
.PP
should give you access to the complete manual.

